# Using-threads---Java
Simulating the evolution of queues that monitors the waiting time

The project aims to simulate a real situation of using queues, namely the use of these queues in a store, ie at cash registers. In this way, real situations of customers arriving at open cash registers and processing their orders will be simulated.
We carried out the project as follows: a total number of queues is created which is received as an input parameter from the graphical interface and we implemented specific methods for random generation of some clients depending on the arrival time + service time and we placed them in queues depending on the waiting time.
The main objective of a queue is to provide a place for the customer, a place where he has to wait until it is his turn at the cash register. This waiting time differs from customer to customer depending on how many customers are in front of him and their service time. The created application simulates the generation of a number of customers who arrive at the cash registers for a service, their introduction in queues, each queue representing a thread, their arrival time and waiting time. When a customer sits in a queue, its serving time increases, when he leaves the queue, the waiting time of the queue decreases so that the queues can be ordered according to the wait. Through this procedure we make sure that each client reaches a queue where they have to wait for the least of all available queues.

I implemented the project using 5 classes. These classes can be divided into 2 categories: classes that help us simulate the evolution of queues (Customer, Queue, Store) and classes that help us implement the graphical interface (GUI, App - which is actually the main).
The GUI class is the class that implements the graphical interface and with its help we can process the data. The input data is entered using the graphical interface, and the output data will also be displayed in the graphical interface, using text fields. The input data are represented in the form of integer values, and these are: minimum arrival time, maximum arrival time, minimum serving time, maximum serving time, total number of customers and total number of cash registers (threads). In the graphical interface there is also a START button with the help of which we start the execution of the program.
